Add insert size calculation (#90)
genomic-medicine-sweden/tomte: CHANGELOG.md

- The possibility of using `igenomes_base` to point to a path where genome specific reference files are placed (fasta, fai, gtf, star_index, salmon_index, subsample_bed) [#76](https://github.com/genomic-medicine-sweden/tomte/pull/76)
- Merging of case's vcf files [#80](https://github.com/genomic-medicine-sweden/tomte/pull/80)
- Reference list to MultiQC report [#88](https://github.com/genomic-medicine-sweden/tomte/pull/88)

> - Added moduel to calculate insert size and added resuts to MultiQC report [#90](https://github.com/genomic-medicine-sweden/tomte/pull/90)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added module to calculate insert size and added results to MultiQC report [#90](https://github.com/genomic-medicine-sweden/tomte/pull/90)
```
